                                                                                    Welcome to ParkingSoft
Best regards, it is a pleasure for us to welcome you to our work team here at ParkingSoft, we know that you are a foreigner and that is why we have prepared a series of cultural informationabout Colombia so that 
you can learn a little more about the country where you are going to work as well as with the people with whom you are going to interact.

Culture: Colombian culture is expressive, in most parts of the country you will be well received by the locals.

Eye contact: Whenever we are talking to other people we should not lose eye contact with them. Looking away can be a symptom that we are not interested in what they are telling us or that 
we have a certain insecurity or shyness

Gestures: You should not point with the index finger but with the whole hand. The best way is to do it with the palm of your hand open.

Greeting: The most common greeting, both socially and at work, is to shake hands. The handshake is a short and energetic gesture.

Distance: Colombians, like many other Latinos, tend to be very close, not only in dealings but also physically. It should not scare us if they 
are very close to us when we chat with them. It is better not to try to move away because we can give them the impression that it bothers us that they are so close to us. 
For them this estrangement is a sign of lack of confidence or insecurity.

Time management: Colombians invest their time mostly at work, their working hours are usually 8 hours from Monday to Friday and sometimes 4 hours on Saturdays.

                                                                                      Business values:

Puntuality:
We're not just talking about being respectful of merchandise delivery times. Also give importance to punctuality at the time of arrival and departure.
Also, take special consideration with the time of customers, suppliers and partners in cases of meetings and bill payments.

Quality:
We live in a world where everyone says they have the best products on the market. But one thing is to affirm it and the other is to guarantee it.
Products must meet established and promised parameters, which can only be close to perfect.

Teamwork:
The management of work teams emerges as an important need in corporate environments where tolerance, respect, admiration and consideration are the priorities.
But this does not end here, the values of a company are linked to the personal principles of the heads of the company. Therefore, values such as freedom, resilience, loyalty, 
solidarity, among others, can also be considered.

Honesty:
Transparency, sincerity and frankness are values that the public currently not only wants for companies, it demands them.
This has to do with using the truth as a tool to gain trust and credibility with the environment

Social responsability:
To cause a broad and positive impact on the society around them, businesses must strengthen the value of Social Responsibility.
In other words, they can carry out collective actions to make their resources generate benefits for people who do not necessarily establish a consumer relationship with them.

Problem resolution:
This is why the value of problem solving is so important in the business environment.
Employees and managers must always encourage solution-oriented thinking, thus avoiding wasting time finding fault or lamenting what did not work.
This is one of the pillar values of the organizational culture at ParkingSoft

Transparency:
Transparency implies being clear in the description of services and not hiding information that may be relevant to clients, superiors of the company, depending on the case.

Freedom:
Freedom as a corporate value is understood as the possibility of being able to formulate an opinion or propose a certain action without fear of being reprimanded for it. 
This is also related to the improvement of family conciliation, with the implementation of flexible schedules, etc.

Diligence:
The ability to get down to work without letting time pass and without feeling lazy (or coping with it) is one of the qualities most valued by ParkingSoft
This spirit must reach all levels of the organization, encouraging each employee and each manager to face their responsibilities without excuses or hesitation.

Justice, an essential in company values:
It may be surprising to find among these business values one that seems to be taken from the Civil Code. The truth is that when entities do not tackle the injustices that arise within them,
discomfort will soon spread among employees.
The staff accepts that those responsible are very demanding but never that they are unfair. All decisions must be reasoned and must seek the common good, without favoritism or capricious attitudes

